# JUnit
Annotation | Description
-- | --
@Test | Denotes that a method is a test method. Unlike JUnit 4’s @Test annotation, this annotation does not declare any attributes, since test extensions in JUnit Jupiter operate based on their own dedicated annotations. Such methods are inherited unless they are overridden.
@ParameterizedTest | Denotes that a method is a parameterized test. Such methods are inherited unless they are overridden. 
@RepeatedTest | Denotes that a method is a test template for a repeated test. Such methods are inherited unless they are overridden.
@TestFactory | Denotes that a method is a test factory for dynamic tests. Such methods are inherited unless they are overridden.
@TestTemplate | Denotes that a method is a template for test cases designed to be invoked multiple times depending on the number of invocation contexts returned by the registered providers. Such methods are inherited unless they are overridden.
@TestMethodOrder | Used to configure the test method execution order for the annotated test class; similar to JUnit 4’s @FixMethodOrder. Such annotations are inherited.
@TestInstance | Used to configure the test instance lifecycle for the annotated test class. Such annotations are inherited.
@DisplayName | Declares a custom display name for the test class or test method. Such annotations are not inherited.
@DisplayNameGeneration | Declares a custom display name generator for the test class. Such annotations are inherited.
@BeforeEach | Denotes that the annotated method should be executed before each @Test, @RepeatedTest, @ParameterizedTest, or @TestFactory method in the current class; analogous to JUnit 4’s @Before. Such methods are inherited unless they are overridden.
@AfterEach | Denotes that the annotated method should be executed after each @Test, @RepeatedTest, @ParameterizedTest, or @TestFactory method in the current class; analogous to JUnit 4’s @After. Such methods are inherited unless they are overridden.
@BeforeAll | Denotes that the annotated method should be executed before all @Test, @RepeatedTest, @ParameterizedTest, and @TestFactory methods in the current class; analogous to JUnit 4’s @BeforeClass. Such methods are inherited (unless they are hidden or overridden) and must be static (unless the "per-class" test instance lifecycle is used).
@AfterAll | Denotes that the annotated method should be executed after all @Test, @RepeatedTest, @ParameterizedTest, and @TestFactory methods in the current class; analogous to JUnit 4’s @AfterClass. Such methods are inherited (unless they are hidden or overridden) and must be static (unless the "per-class" test instance lifecycle is used).
@Nested | Denotes that the annotated class is a non-static nested test class. @BeforeAll and @AfterAll methods cannot be used directly in a @Nested test class unless the "per-class" test instance lifecycle is used. Such annotations are not inherited.
@Tag | Used to declare tags for filtering tests, either at the class or method level; analogous to test groups in TestNG or Categories in JUnit 4. Such annotations are inherited at the class level but not at the method level.
@Disabled | Used to disable a test class or test method; analogous to JUnit 4’s @Ignore. Such annotations are not inherited. 
@Timeout | Used to fail a test, test factory, test template, or lifecycle method if its execution exceeds a given duration. Such annotations are inherited.
@ExtendWith | Used to register extensions declaratively. Such annotations are inherited.
@RegisterExtension | Used to register extension programmatically via fields. Such fields are inherited unless they are shadowed.
@TempDir | Used to supply a temporary directory via field injection or parameter injection in a lifecycle method or test method; located in the org.junit.jupiter.api.io package.

**Test Class**: any top-level class, static member class, or @Nested class that contains at least one test
method. Test classes must not be abstract and must have a single constructor.\
**Test Method**: any instance method that is directly annotated or meta-annotated with @Test,
@RepeatedTest, @ParameterizedTest, @TestFactory, or @TestTemplate.\
**Lifecycle Method**: any method that is directly annotated or meta-annotated with @BeforeAll,
@AfterAll, @BeforeEach, or @AfterEach.

Test methods and lifecycle methods may be declared locally within the current test class, inherited
from superclasses, or inherited from interfaces (see Test Interfaces and Default Methods). In
addition, test methods and lifecycle methods must not be abstract and must not return a value.

Test classes, test methods, and lifecycle methods are not required to be public, but
they must not be private

---

JUnit Jupiter supports custom display name generators that can be configured via the
@DisplayNameGeneration annotation. Values provided via @DisplayName annotations always take
precedence over display names generated by a DisplayNameGenerator.

You can use the junit.jupiter.displayname.generator.default configuration parameter to specify
the fully qualified class name of the DisplayNameGenerator you would like to use by default. Just like
for display name generators configured via the @DisplayNameGeneration annotation, the supplied
class has to implement the DisplayNameGenerator interface. The default display name generator will
be used for all tests unless the @DisplayNameGeneration annotation is present on an enclosing test
class or test interface. Values provided via @DisplayName annotations always take precedence over
display names generated by a DisplayNameGenerator

For example, to use the ReplaceUnderscores display name generator by default, you should set the
configuration parameter to the corresponding fully qualified class name (e.g., in
src/test/resources/junit-platform.properties):

```
junit.jupiter.displayname.generator.default = org.junit.jupiter.api.DisplayNameGenerator$ReplaceUnderscores
```
---

@Disabled may be declared without providing a reason; however, the JUnit team
recommends that developers provide a short explanation for why a test class or
test method has been disabled. Consequently, the above examples both show the
use of a reason — for example, @Disabled("Disabled until bug #42 has been
resolved"). Some development teams even require the presence of issue tracking
numbers in the reason for automated traceability, etc.

---

The ExecutionCondition extension API in JUnit Jupiter allows developers to either enable or disable a
container or test based on certain conditions programmatically. The simplest example of such a
condition is the built-in DisabledCondition which supports the @Disabled annotation (see Disabling
Tests). In addition to @Disabled, JUnit Jupiter also supports several other annotation-based
conditions in the org.junit.jupiter.api.condition package that allow developers to enable or
disable containers and tests declaratively. When multiple ExecutionCondition extensions are
registered, a container or test is disabled as soon as one of the conditions returns disabled.
See ExecutionCondition and the following sections for details.

> Composed Annotations \
> Note that any of the conditional annotations listed in the following sections may
> also be used as a meta-annotation in order to create a custom composed
> annotation. For example, the @TestOnMac annotation in the @EnabledOnOs demo
> shows how you can combine @Test and @EnabledOnOs in a single, reusable
> annotation.

> Unless otherwise stated, each of the conditional annotations listed in the following
> sections can only be declared once on a given test interface, test class, or test
> method. If a conditional annotation is directly present, indirectly present, or metapresent multiple times on a given element, only the > first such annotation
> discovered by JUnit will be used; any additional declarations will be silently
> ignored. Note, however, that each conditional annotation may be used in
> conjunction with other conditional annotations in the
> org.junit.jupiter.api.condition package.

---

To control the order in which test methods are executed, annotate your test class or test interface
with @TestMethodOrder and specify the desired MethodOrderer implementation. You can implement
your own custom MethodOrderer or use one of the following built-in MethodOrderer implementations. \
• **Alphanumeric:** sorts test methods alphanumerically based on their names and formal parameter lists. \
• **OrderAnnotation:** sorts test methods numerically based on values specified via the @Order annotation. \
• **Random:** orders test methods pseudo-randomly and supports configuration of a custom seed.

---

In order to allow individual test methods to be executed in isolation and to avoid unexpected side
effects due to mutable test instance state, JUnit creates a new instance of each test class before
executing each test method (see Test Classes and Methods). This "per-method" test instance lifecycle
is the default behavior in JUnit Jupiter and is analogous to all previous versions of JUnit.
> Please note that the test class will still be instantiated if a given test method is disabled via a condition (e.g., @Disabled, @DisabledOnOs, etc.) even when the "permethod" test
> instance lifecycle mode is active. 

If you would prefer that JUnit Jupiter execute all test methods on the same test instance, annotate your test class with @TestInstance(Lifecycle.PER_CLASS). When using this mode, a new test instance will be created once per test class. Thus, if your test methods rely on state stored in instance variables, you may need to reset that state in @BeforeEach or @AfterEach methods. The "per-class" mode has some additional benefits over the default "per-method" mode. Specifically, with the "per-class" mode it becomes possible to declare @BeforeAll and @AfterAll on non-static methods as well as on interface default methods. The "per-class" mode therefore also makes it possible to use @BeforeAll and @AfterAll methods in @Nested test classes. 

Parameterized tests make it possible to run a test multiple times with different arguments. They are declared just like regular @Test methods but use the @ParameterizedTest annotation instead. In addition, you must declare at least one source that will provide the arguments for each invocation
and then consume the arguments in the test method. 
In order to use parameterized tests you need to add a dependency on the junit-jupiter-params artifact. Please refer to Dependency Metadata for details. 

To apply the same timeout to all test methods within a test class and all of its @Nested classes, you
can declare the @Timeout annotation at the class level. It will then be applied to all test, test factory,
and test template methods within that class and its @Nested classes unless overridden by a @Timeout
annotation on a specific method or @Nested class. Please note that @Timeout annotations declared at
the class level are not applied to lifecycle methods.  

Declaring @Timeout on a @TestFactory method checks that the factory method returns within the
specified duration but does not verify the execution time of each individual DynamicTest generated
by the factory. Please use assertTimeout() or assertTimeoutPreemptively() for that purpose.
If @Timeout is present on a @TestTemplate method — for example, a @RepeatedTest or
@ParameterizedTest — each invocation will have the given timeout applied to it.
